globally we have watched as the world
turns into a dismal rotting page in the
book of history never before have the
fundamentals meant so little and the
central bank mistress meant so much in
1920 the Fed despite its newly granted
powers did not intervene in the
depression and within one year the
economy began moving again by 1929 their
manipulation of the financial system was
clearly apparent and the result was 25
years to return to its previous levels
you came here for the truth so let me on
there that bore you so let's get into
this what exactly is rising today
because something is always on the up we
can see that where assets tend to move
together so you will see for example
everybody's really scared today so gold
goes up or everybody thinks that the
economy is doing well so equities rise
and then there are different sectors so
maybe tech the tech sector does really
well whereas the biotech industries do
poorly and you could see these sort of
trends but you know let's just look at
this time exactly what's happening well
I've mentioned it previously but it's
right here and I'll bring up my
highlighter global cyclicals began going
major overweight to defensives just as
global economic data again rolls over
the economy is not doing well and you
could see the analysts and the fund
managers hedge funds and everything else
have decided to change exactly where
their money is going and what this tells
me is that even for all the let's call
it big money but it's not the true big
money big money is fleeing
lot of your traditional equity
investments blue chip stocks small cap
type things so what I can see is that
it's a trend that is continuing it's not
something that has been going on now
just for a short period of time we have
seen this take place ever since qe3
stopped and is it a coincidence then
that as soon as all of the garbage fake
money stops being poured out that the
true colors really begin to reveal
themselves let's look at this next one
here as you can see profit margins
peaked in quarter for of 2014 so you
know that with everything they've been
putting into this you know that
corporate profits are still dismal even
though they've shown a rise it really
isn't the case as you look at it because
they can get corporate profits up but as
a result they just basically have to
fire a lot of people make quote quote
unquote increase productivity that's
their term that they love to use and
what we're looking at is right up at the
top here that's the peak and it has come
down ever since it's been you know
relatively consistent in fact since that
peak now this control a similar trend as
you look right here in this region you
can see the same sort of thing happened
prior to the recession a few years back
whether or not that will continue will
have a/c but this is just one of so many
indicators i would say that corporate
profits on this level corporate profits
are essentially one of the most
important things because a company is
has so much control over the political
spectrum they have control over
basically everything and what that
allows them to do is to create an
environment which is conducive for their
profit
ability so if they need to have
favorable tax laws they can do that they
can make that happen but what we have
seen here is that in a decline they try
harder and harder they fire more people
they do what they need to do but when it
doesn't work it comes collapsing down
very quickly and that's the way I'm
seeing the trend happening let's look at
this here as you can see us equity
secular valuation bear markets end with
the seven times sheller PE and with more
recessions okay it's a very complicated
chart a lot of people aren't really
interested in this all I want to note is
that based on this chart there's a lot
of stuff going on based on that look at
this line right here as you can see a
downward trend the downward trend shows
you exactly where we are headed based on
all these other previous ones now I'm
not going to get into the details of it
it's basically the SMP and the Schiller
PE they're using those together it's
interesting to say the least but I'll
move on all right another indicator
showing you a downward trend the S&P in
fact once again poised to go downward
and if you combine this with the Federal
Reserve's balance sheet which I've shown
you just recently shows yet another
decline headed this way look at this
you're looking at the defensives
whenever you see government bonds which
I I would have to think at this point
are the most dangerous investments but
you know this is all mainstream media
type stuff where you can see that the
defensives are rising in this case
because they're looking for safe havens
they don't want safe havens and things
like precious metals they want safe
havens in things like government's who
are going bankrupt that's interesting so
anyway that's it for this video if you
found it informative please give me a
thumbs up if you found the video
informative then you'll definitely
they want to check out my book you can
actually flip through it if you go over
to Amazon they have a look inside
feature that allows you to flip through
the pages of the book to see if you like
take care